The old man has played all his life
I didn't expect to be burned in the eyes by an eagle today
Mr. Lin, don't sell it
What is this high lord trying to do?
So think about that.
The price rises to 1.50 million
Except for me, who benefits
Who else will it attract?
This lamb lifts up the beams of the riverside city
Xiling foreign mountains release longevity sheep
This lamb came to Linjiang City
Raise the sheep rack to 150 watts per bucket
Far more than sending troops to the Liang family
It is bound to attract envious foreign businesspeople
Crazy influx into Pingjiang City
When the time is right
He will order the county to press the granary and shoot the grain
Sell at the price of 105 literary fights
It brought down food prices.
It's a pity that I will realize this later
The price of 105 yuan
Fully accepted the grain from the county cliff granary
Master Li is not good
County Ya decoration insulation
Linglijiang County Ya Granary
It is sold at the price of 90 characters a bucket.
I lost another 15 yuan.
Lord Jade really wants our lives?
I also saw people from the yamen wearing plain clothes
I bought a lot of food at the price of 93 mosquitoes
I will wait for the price of 105 yuan.
Sweep the grain from the county yamen granary
The county yamen took our money
Buy at the price of 93 yuan a bucket.
Selling at 90
come and go
He actually paid money when he arrived at the station
Lamb lamb
The old man thought it was him
No hurry
I can still wait
I guess the county cliff granary should be full of sand
As long as I work together
Overcome the bottom line
Her family will get warmer sooner or later
I can still make a lot of money waiting
But if I wait to sell
The four major families in Linjiang City are finished
Hello, the company is reasonable.
I Linjiang City, the four major families advance and retreat together
As long as I wait for him to master the food, I may not lose
The old man returned to the house this time
Order to ban a grain from leaving the market
The Lin family can rest assured
We are all like brothers
Never cause harm to others and self-interest
Mr. Ding
I'm going to tell other people's teachers not to surrender a penny
Ah, let's ship it.
The old man is not for sale
What if he can sell you?
If by then
Waiting for the old man is the only way to go bankrupt
strike first
Suffer later
Not for sale on the surface
Secretly sell it to the old man as soon as possible
In 90 characters, no
At the price of 87 words
overall vote count
87 How do you sell it?
If this batch of food falls into your hand
My Lin family is completely over
Go, yes, yes, go.